1. We need to let people add new URLs to the system, so basically they would provide
their long URL and optionally a userID if they wanted the ability to come back 
and edit it later

2. I'm assuming there is some sor tof user authentication system being used here
for security, and it's not really just a matter of passing any UserID as part
of the query. Do you want me to design the user login system as well?

3. OK, so that would return some sort of status code indicating success or not, along
with a short URL that was generated for the redirect

4. So what would happen if somebody else already shorted the same URL earlier who
owns edits to it in that case?

5. We could just generate another short URL in that case and let multiple people 
have their own mappings to the same long URL. 

6. My original thought was to just convert the URL to a base 36 encoding, so
every long URL gets some sequential ID number in our system, and we convert that
ID number to base 36, where zero to 25 are represented by A->Z and twenty six
to thirty five by zero to nine.

7. So we could just have the same long URLs with different IDs, and that works out.
That's better than using hashing function since the same URL would result in a hash
collision that we would have to deal with.

8. So similiarly, we'd have an API for posting a vanity URL where the user specifies
what it redirects to. This requires the user ID since we don't want people abusing
this. It just returns a status which might fail if the vanity URL they want has
already been taken. Then registered users can update the URL for a redirect by 
just providing the previous long URL and the one they want to change the link to

9. They can also delete a given mapping. Again, you'll need to be a registered
user to ensure that you're looking up a mapping that you created in the first place.
It will give you back the short URL or failure status, if you try to look up a 
URL that you don't create that you don't own.

10. And finally, the main thing, the actual redirection, when people visit a 
shortened URL, we need to issue a redirect. So in practice we'll just be running
a website that does nothing but Issue 301 redirect in response to GET requests
to short URLs on whatever our domain is.

11. So really, all of these APIs could just be restful APIs served by the same fleet.
The requests to create new URLs would just have POST actions. Update requests 
would be a PATCH. Deletion would be DELETE. GET could be used for both displaying
existing mappsing and for performing the actual redirects.

12. Everything can be handled by the same fleet of servers. So let me draw that out.
We start with all the clients out on the internet, on their desktop or phones or
anything with a web browser.

13. We'll use some sort of a load balancer to distribute requests to a fleet of
application servers, which handle all the APIs that we just talked about, assuming
the service is rolled out globally.

14. We'll need to do some sort of DNS trick to geo route requests to servers in 
appropriate region.

15. I'm assuming we have capacity spread out between regions, data centers and
racks in such a way that we have redundancy in the event a rack or data center 
goes down.

16. Every request we talked about will require one or more database accesses, so
we'll probably want something scalable on the database side. Any noSQL sort of
solution should do eventual consistency is probably OK for what we're doing.
I think if we need to make tradeoffs, it should probably be that dynamoDB,
whatever is economical.

17. But we want to cache it with redis whatever we're familiar with. Hitting disk
for every request would be a very bad idea.

18. The URL mappings aren't going to be changing much, if at all, so they can
be cached for a very long time.

19. For the data schema, all we need is an ID, which would be the primary key
and the short URL created by the base 36 encoding. Then the long URL and maps to
the user ID.

20. If anyone who owns that mapping can modify or delete it later.

21. In the case of a vanity URL, the short URL would be what is specified. The 
most frequent operation will be remap this short URL to this long URL, so 
we'll definitely need an index on short URLs and they should be unique.

22. Editing mappings will require looking them up by the long URL, so we'll also
want an index on that.

23. Let's walk through exactly what happens when we get a request to redirect a 
short URL. The client sends a GET request to some short URL code, and this gets 
routed to a some specific application server, which first sets the cache to 
see if it knows which long URL it maps to. If not, it hits the underlying database,
assuming the short url exists.

24. It either returns a 3.1 or 3.2 redirect, if not they get a 404. 3.1 is a
temporary redirect and 3.2 is a permanent redirect. The main difference is that the
browser is allowed to cache a 3.1, but a 3.2 means it has to hit out system every
time.

25. If we want to minimize load to our system, a 3.1 seems like the right choice.
Although that does complicate the use case of allowing users to edit their 
redirects, they might be confused when it takes a long time to pick up a change 
because they had the old one cached. Also if we want to offer users metrics on 
how often their URL is getting hit, a 3.1 means we wouldn't necessarily see every
hit from the client standpoint. So if you want analytics as a feature later on and
a smooth user experience for editing URLs, a 302 redirect would be better.